Convert newlines to spaces and consider the first sentence ended only if the dot is followed by a space in `BaseDoc::extractFirstSentence()` (#282)
yiisoft/yii2-apidoc: CHANGELOG.md

3.0.4 under development
-----------------------

> - Bug #282: Fix `BaseDoc::extractFirstSentence()` (WinterSilence)

Reviewer: Please describe what exactly is fixed.

Author: @arogachev we document changes in "dev. only" tools(`build/`)?

> - Bug #282: Fix determining end of first sentence in `BaseDoc::extractFirstSentence()` (WinterSilence)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug #282: Consider the first sentence ended only if the dot is followed by a space. `BaseDoc::extractFirstSentence()` (WinterSilence)
```

> - Bug #282: Consider the first sentence ended only if the dot is followed by a space in `BaseDoc::extractFirstSentence()` (WinterSilence)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug #282: Convert newlines to spaces and consider the first sentence ended only if the dot is followed by a space in `BaseDoc::extractFirstSentence()` (WinterSilence)
```
